InfluxDB: Remove browser ('direct' access) mode. (#53529)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/influxdb/_index.md

| Name                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Name`              | The data source name. This is how you refer to the data source in panels and queries. We recommend something like `InfluxDB-InfluxQL`.                                                                   |
| `Default`           | Default data source means that it will be pre-selected for new panels.                                                                                                                                   |
| `URL`               | The HTTP protocol, IP address and port of your InfluxDB API. InfluxDB API port is by default 8086.                                                                                                       |

> | `Access`            | Do not use Access. Use “Server (default)” or the datasource won’t function.                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Access`            | Direct browser access has been deprecated as of 9.2.0. Use “Server (default)” or the datasource won’t function.                                                                                                                              |
```
